dnsdist: Random load-balancing of incoming queries on reuseport sockets (#13399)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/advanced/tuning.rst

  addLocal("192.0.2.1:53", {reusePort=true})

:program:`dnsdist` will then add four identical local binds as if they were different IPs or ports, start four threads to handle incoming queries and let the kernel load balance those randomly to the threads, thus using four CPU cores for rules processing.
Note that this requires ``SO_REUSEPORT`` support in the underlying operating system (added for example in Linux 3.9). On Linux, ``reuseport`` distributes queries to sockets based on the source and destination addresses and ports, which might be an issue

> if all queries comes from the source IP and port, and go to the same IP and port as well, since it will result in only one thread getting queries. Since 1.9.0, the ``randomReusePortPolicy`` option can be used to get random load-balancing of queries to all threads instead.

Author: ```suggestion
if all queries comes from the source IP and port, and go to the same IP and port as well, since it will result in only one thread getting queries. Since 2.2.0, the ``randomReusePortPolicy`` option can be used to get random load-balancing of queries to all threads instead.
```
